[doc] Refined docs (#1280)
kornia/kornia: docs/source/augmentation.rst

kornia.augmentation
===================

This module implements in a high level logic. The main features of this module, and similar to the rest of the
library, is that can it perform data augmentation routines in a batch mode, using any supported device,
and can be used for backpropagation. Some of the available functionalities which are worth to mention are the

> following: random rotations; affine and perspectivetransformations; several random color intensities transformations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following: random rotations; affine and perspective transformations; several random color intensities transformations,
```

image noise distortion, motion blurring, and many of the different differentiable data augmentation policies.

> In addition, we include a novel featurewhich is not found in other augmentations frameworks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, we include a novel feature which is not found in other augmentations frameworks,
```

> which allows the user to retrieve the applied transformation orchained transformations after each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which allows the user to retrieve the applied transformation or chained transformations after each
```

> call e.g. the generated random rotation matrix which can be used later to undo theimage transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call e.g. the generated random rotation matrix which can be used later to undo the image transformation
```
